Add a information about remove custom unit file. (#9608)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/linux-static-proxy-configuration.md

```bash
sudo systemctl daemon-reload; sudo systemctl restart mdatp
```
> [!NOTE]

> > To remove any additions you have made before uninstall mdatp, either delete the custom file from `/etc/systemd/system`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To remove any additions you might have made before uninstalling `mdatp`, delete the custom file from `/etc/systemd/system`.
```
